Melonie Hamilton: Hello.
Melonie Hamilton: Hey,
Richelle Direny: How are you
Melonie Hamilton: Here.
Melonie Hamilton: I'm here.
Richelle Direny: How was your week since we last met
Richelle Direny: You go on any other interviews.
Melonie Hamilton: No, I'm just gonna stick with this.
Part time
Melonie Hamilton: Worked out right now.
Melonie Hamilton: So I start on
Melonie Hamilton: THE 31st.
Melonie Hamilton: And then I work
Melonie Hamilton: THE 31st. The first and then another place from the second to the six
Melonie Hamilton: Then I have a week off I go back on the 16th and I have those few days off and I worked with 21st, the 22nd to 28th 29th.
Melonie Hamilton: Unless I decide or something comes up and I can add more in there. I will
Melonie Hamilton: Right now, I didn't want to fish just certain and see how the driveway and all that stuff.
Melonie Hamilton: It's all work on the weekend. I'll be doing working in Walmart, but doing
Melonie Hamilton: straight talk wireless
Melonie Hamilton: promotional stuff, you know, engaging customers, given a little free gift giving them pamphlets, things like that. And then in the middle of the week ones. I'll be doing like going in for the midnight to the setups and the right age for
Melonie Hamilton: One of the makeup companies, you know, you've set up their
Melonie Hamilton: Displays and all that for the
Richelle Direny: Makeup
Melonie Hamilton: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So how did you did you get it through a temp agency or you got it.
Now,
Richelle Direny: So they, um, they'll just keep finding you little something until they find something permanent
Melonie Hamilton: I know it's all of this kind of stuff. They have like special NFL things coming all sorts of different things, but it
Melonie Hamilton: Depends on where the so i have i get some things all the time, but I have to go through what the job is. But most of these locations. I need to find things that are near me.
Melonie Hamilton: For within like an hour and 15 minutes and that's so far what I've been doing is just trying to
Melonie Hamilton: I can't drive further than that for what they're paying
Richelle Direny: OK.
Melonie Hamilton: Ok, ok. These me at 10 at least me a 1099 person, you know,
Richelle Direny: Also, you're like a contract worker.
Melonie Hamilton: Yeah.
Melonie Hamilton: Gotcha. And I just make my own schedule. So if I want to do something I do it, I don't. I just don't sign up for it.
Richelle Direny: Gotcha, gotcha.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so it's something for right now.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: And you'd want to group last week, right.
Richelle Direny: Yeah okay and you got you were able to get all your scripts up to what is it you get them feel to set a timer so we
Melonie Hamilton: Won't she did three weeks. This time you're trying to get it ahead with enough for multiple back on the same day because
Melonie Hamilton: I got days they used to do that. And then they would hold up a prescription one doctor verification
Melonie Hamilton: And then it would get held up for a day and then. So now I think we're pretty much all that kind of stuff. And we're just so and because there's 31 days in this month. It actually should be getting on Monday night, I believe they
Melonie Hamilton: Don't have resourceful.
Richelle Direny: And how is everything in terms of I know one of your stressor and outside of work and the financial financing, what have you, um,
Richelle Direny: What, in terms of the relationship
Richelle Direny: Back a little bit better, it's still kind of
Richelle Direny: Two people
Melonie Hamilton: Yeah, and I knew he heard some of the stuff we talked about last week of ended up getting in one, two huge arguments.
Richelle Direny: What was the argument about like what, what about what we talked about creating an argument.
Melonie Hamilton: You don't see he didn't do it that way, like, oh, I heard you know this or that is just attitude of
Melonie Hamilton: Just like I've got the TV on mode downstairs and things like that. He's in the kitchen. I know he can't hear me know. You know what I mean.
Melonie Hamilton: You can't get up the stairs to hear me. I would hear PDF turned down.
Melonie Hamilton: There's just two. There are 300 you know
Melonie Hamilton: This, you know, you know. Cows love this kind of crap and work and feel that I said yes, you fucking are you how you brought this on yourself and
Richelle Direny: What specifically
Melonie Hamilton: Basically may not have sex. Basically, and sleeping on the couch with them.
Melonie Hamilton: And just like
Melonie Hamilton: I really don't care what you think.
Melonie Hamilton: Or what you want. You know, he did this to me, and I told him that you did this. You were the one express trust you are the one that broke this and
Melonie Hamilton: I don't know if I'll ever get that back for you.
Richelle Direny: So he wants to maintain and wants to maintain the marriage.
Melonie Hamilton: Oh yeah, I want to get naked for him and I don't I don't trust them at all. I don't really trust my body. I'm feeling, you know, I happen.
Richelle Direny: Because of the trust of infidelity.
Melonie Hamilton: Yeah, it was just that he messed my entire freakin life up
Richelle Direny: So how was it after the argument what transpired after that.
Melonie Hamilton: Um, well, I went to my sister's house she moved to Georgia and she's going through a really bad breakup.
Melonie Hamilton: With her boyfriend. And so I went there for all the way
Melonie Hamilton: And
Melonie Hamilton: That was a nightmare because her this man, you know, put him in jail. And then, you know, dropped all the charges on him and the restraining order and everything and then he shows up the morning. The next first date. You know that data was there.
Melonie Hamilton: In the morning and clears your house. Out of all of our furniture that works dryer trying to take us, all of us as there and then
Melonie Hamilton: Half my tooth broke off. Well, try to eat something.
Melonie Hamilton: No, no tomorrow.
Melonie Hamilton: After your oral surgeon
Melonie Hamilton: I can't afford
Richelle Direny: It.
Richelle Direny: Because of that,
Melonie Hamilton: It broke, broke. Like it's, there's nothing in the back of the tube. It's just like, it's
Melonie Hamilton: Just the layer of that to there and a little bit on the side that
Melonie Hamilton: Is just there, barely.
Melonie Hamilton: So,
Melonie Hamilton: Probably whatever they are going to do is eat up all
Melonie Hamilton: Their just put away for my bankruptcy attorney.
Richelle Direny: So how far are they with um
Richelle Direny: You said that he doesn't help you with anything right. You have to figure it out, based on the money that you make.
Melonie Hamilton: No, he pays for everything that's here has, you know,
Melonie Hamilton: This is like we made a lot of sense to me when you were just like, you know, everything that happens here. You know, he pays the easiest to like build up the water, you know,
Melonie Hamilton: I just read that the bathroom two bedrooms, you know, and but you know he's only in that these this is his house at the end of the day.
Melonie Hamilton: And it was what you said, you know, it doesn't really matter what I do you not know he's not doing any of that for me. He has to maintain his home.
Melonie Hamilton: He makes dinner because he's hungry. You know, he let me go ahead and read paint and you know put together all the stuff. So, you know, you know, literally, pulling the cabinet process and everything. Standing on and get them right but new handles on paint. No, no, because
Melonie Hamilton: Now our values is how
Melonie Hamilton: Everything edgy.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: So, what, what about the conversation like what transpired between us meeting you having an argument with him.
Richelle Direny: And like even today that made me really think about, you know, are putting it into perspective that everything he does, he's really doing for him because he lives in the house in his house. He has to maintain his life. So what made that like someone
Richelle Direny: circle back around where you thought about you did.
Melonie Hamilton: You did.
Melonie Hamilton: Has a stroke on
Richelle Direny: So in thinking that
Melonie Hamilton: There's truth to that.
Richelle Direny: So in you thinking about that. Like, what was your takeaway like after you said it struck home and you thought about legal was your takeaway. After that, like in terms of you working on a better tomorrow for yourself. Ultimately,
Melonie Hamilton: Well, I mean, I'm starting to work work actually go back to work for
Melonie Hamilton: A half to get the bankruptcy done and get this done. I mean, there's some things that I have to get done. It's not many options, you're making. I can do right now.
Melonie Hamilton: And because we are married, even if I try to go find assistance they count his income for everything, even though
Melonie Hamilton: So I don't qualify
Melonie Hamilton: For anything
Melonie Hamilton: Like when I lived in in Florida, you know, if I needed to see the dentist. I could go to community health and see it then.
Melonie Hamilton: It would take, you know, two months or whatever to get an appointment, but so you know when I would put it on a sliding scale based sliding fee based on my income so
Melonie Hamilton: You know, things like that where I was able to get help there because I wasn't married and I didn't have to include anybody come with me.
Melonie Hamilton: No.
Melonie Hamilton: That's just not how it works. Now, and even a
Melonie Hamilton: Filing we thought, you know, I have to file my taxes and such a way that we're
Melonie Hamilton: married filing separately.
Melonie Hamilton: So that he doesn't get caught up in my bankruptcy.
Melonie Hamilton: Not really, I think, I think I made
Melonie Hamilton: $4,000 last year.
Melonie Hamilton: And that'll work.
Richelle Direny: So, but even with funding and taxes, whatever amount that you can't, you will get get any good amount. Like, what is your plans with
Melonie Hamilton: With whatever bankruptcy attorney.
Melonie Hamilton: Like oh my wages in my money, any, any of my money or everything is going to be, you know, $500 down
Melonie Hamilton: And that's sitting there in the bank and a bunch of it's going to be enough even, even though I have dental insurance doesn't cover these major thing.
Melonie Hamilton: This is considered an emergency. So I'm hoping it will cover quite a bit of it. I don't know. So I can't do it one way or the other right now. And until I see that dentist tomorrow.
Melonie Hamilton: Or I mean the surgeon. I'm sorry, the oral surgeon
Melonie Hamilton: And they, but even then they can just, they can yank it and put something, do something temporary the anything they do to fix it, which is because it's so close to my front teeth. And I have another
Melonie Hamilton: Pair, you know, they want to put in a
Richelle Direny: Crown or temporary
Melonie Hamilton: Yes, or even a, what are they called it things to come out adventure, like a you know a
Melonie Hamilton: Piece of adventure. There were just some
Melonie Hamilton: I don't you know I want to do is I've already gone to the dentist and then realize this was going to happen. But they, you know, sent me out the theme show and $12,000 versus our work. I need. And that's not getting like, you know, transplanted teeth in sense with like bench.
Melonie Hamilton: And trying to keep my front teeth, you know,
So,
Richelle Direny: And you said that he wants to pay for it, or the insurance companies.
Melonie Hamilton: Won't the insurance is going to pay for it and then anything else to come out of money I have with back you know that $500 that was supposed to secure my attorney.
Richelle Direny: How long have you been gone through bankruptcy.
Melonie Hamilton: Well, how it started a half to retain my attorney and because they just want
Melonie Hamilton: I want to see three weeks ago and had him come pick the car.
Melonie Hamilton: So that's going to auction.
Melonie Hamilton: What's, what's going on right now is they they could take me to court to get a judgment, so that they're not doing that yet. I'm just not that far gone, you know, I just quit paying things are just charging off. Now, other than a car, you know, cuz I just told them to come get it and
Melonie Hamilton: But now we're to the point once that car's gone to auction already. I'm sure I should be getting the notice I may have it downstairs even already. I just have opened it.
Melonie Hamilton: And how much money I owe them. And the thing is, without having a job which I haven't had there was no asset to attach not worth their time.
Melonie Hamilton: You know, they'll just send it to an agency until they catch me with a job or something.
Melonie Hamilton: And now that I'm going to start working. They, you know, I was a bill collector for 15 years though consider that a job and an asset that they can take
Melonie Hamilton: And so once I start getting people that want to take me to court. I have to retain an attorney, which
Melonie Hamilton: I guess. Either way, it doesn't matter because, you know, I haven't. I'll have some income coming in. So I guess I'll make it up. It's just, just putting on me behind
Melonie Hamilton: And I, and I didn't want to start with a bankruptcy attorney before I was working because you only have six months from the time that you start with him.
Melonie Hamilton: You know, to get that 1500 dollars paid off and have bankruptcy files do all your stuff. So until I started working. I didn't want to do to retain them. They didn't want that concert running out on me.
Melonie Hamilton: Know,
Melonie Hamilton: Maybe a blessing in disguise. I
Melonie Hamilton: Don't know.
Richelle Direny: I mean, it seems like, I mean, I know that the financial piece of it is a big thing because you saw it seems stagnant stagnant and stuck not able to do a whole lot
Richelle Direny: Um, so I guess I definitely get that piece. Um, but the question is, is there any other
Richelle Direny: I know last week I made some suggestions on
Richelle Direny: Other kind of employment that you can do.
Richelle Direny: I know you didn't want to go back into the advocacy.
Richelle Direny: Right.
Melonie Hamilton: Yeah.
Melonie Hamilton: You don't want to do. Then I got my email that said, you know, from a, like a car dealership to go sell cars, you know, the call for an interview that I don't want to do that either. I want to work six days a week in this cutthroat talking, you know, I don't want to do that you can do.
Melonie Hamilton: It just, you know,
Richelle Direny: But, so this is the thing. And so the reality of it is that you don't want to do certain things and I think we all get to a point in our lives where there's just certain things. That's kind of like a no no or
Richelle Direny: You know what you don't want it to, um, and by no means am I telling you to go sell your soul. But what I'm, what I'm saying to consider is that giving the position that you're in, given that the situation that you're in.
Richelle Direny: You know, especially in a relationship where it sounds to me if I am
Richelle Direny: You know, summarize it correctly, you sound some, it seems as if like you're you're trapped in a situation and have no way out, because you don't have the financial resources to cut to get out.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: So you're kind of stuck.
Melonie Hamilton: In the situation so you can things can get better.
Melonie Hamilton: So there's no
Richelle Direny: Need to get additional income if it's just
Richelle Direny: If it's just temporary. Why not think about it, instead of just completely just writing it off.
Melonie Hamilton: Well, the cure was the other thing, because I want I've already committed myself to these other dogs which don't have a felt like I said, We'll schedule yet things I get like free
Melonie Hamilton: Three emails a day showing new things that are out there.
Melonie Hamilton: But right now I'm committed out through March 14 on on on almost every weekend for literally one literally one weekend, which is not
Melonie Hamilton: I can't back out of what I've just committed to them either. I can't go even to that other job and do that. So even if I were to look at it realistically and go okay you know what
Melonie Hamilton: Your schedule tomorrow right and then go don't do anything after March. Yeah, because at least have some work history behind me again. And as long as I don't mess up, I'll have a good reference because a short for the shift I scheduled myself for do a good job on those shifts
Melonie Hamilton: That I could get a good reference as long as I don't go back on them or not show up or do something stupid, right.
Melonie Hamilton: And that's really where I need to get back to because I keep, you know, the jobs. I lost for, you know, being angry and
Melonie Hamilton: Then bullshit people
Melonie Hamilton: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I mean, I understand, you know, you do have the commitment you want to maintain it. But you so you're committed until at least January March the 14 so that's literally like a month and a half, because before you know it never is already knocking on the door.
Richelle Direny: Um, so it's just looking at, you know,
Melonie Hamilton: If I'm through.
Melonie Hamilton: Until the 23rd through
Richelle Direny: THE 26th of February.
Richelle Direny: March. Okay. Okay. But either way, so you have a tool to four months. That's already accounted for in terms of the work that you have, but that so
Richelle Direny: As the days progress your life just quarter financially becomes a little bit more difficult, where you have to find your way through it.
Richelle Direny: It's saying if something else comes up. That seems a little bit more stable. The income increases. I'm more guaranteed then just say I'm interested. But I won't be available until
Richelle Direny: And that's a conversation that you can have, because even though sometimes companies. They're looking for someone to start a job, oftentimes they're in no rush for the start date, at least they have you working on the process they have someone else in the works.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I mean it is something to think about. Like you said, you want to be able to get this bankruptcy behind you. And that's going to be a longer process. But you have to be able to come up with the money.
Richelle Direny: And when you're not when you're only coming up with a little bit at a time that can be frustrating as well.
Melonie Hamilton: Right.
Melonie Hamilton: I mean I can call on and call them.
Melonie Hamilton: You know, I could do that, you know,
Richelle Direny: You said that you only in this job. It's only two on the weekends, you said
Melonie Hamilton: No, no, that's just the one for the Walmart and then the writing. I'm doing from February 2 to the six and they may add some more photos in there. And then I put it on March 23 to the 26
Melonie Hamilton: Let's see. I don't really want. Those are like for to midnight. So that's why I picked it up. They allow me to still do my
Melonie Hamilton: Therapy or, you know,
Melonie Hamilton: Try to schedule around other things. And because I'm gonna have to make a doctor's appointment for me to
Melonie Hamilton: Have to go back
Melonie Hamilton: And I have to redo my back doctor appointment I missed that December.
Melonie Hamilton: Know, I went in there. I don't know when that next appointment as I can't find it, don't
Melonie Hamilton: Know my
Richelle Direny: Life to adjust the times that you attend grouping. So when you meet with me. You can always adjust it to earlier in the base needs.
Melonie Hamilton: Okay i mean i i understand that that might, you know, right now I'm trying to get my foot in the door and I'm just trying to get some time underneath my belt.
Melonie Hamilton: That shows that I'm responsible and reliable that I go to work right now. I'm not working at all. The last job, I have bad reference from, you know, they fire. These pressing whatever and
Melonie Hamilton: You know, I need to get past that and the other thing is, I didn't want to overload myself right now because I'm trying to step back and
Melonie Hamilton: You know, I don't have
Melonie Hamilton: I don't have the temperament.
Richelle Direny: I think you're pacing yourself. These are good. That's a good thing. I definitely agree with that you want to pace yourself. You don't want to go full throttle.
Richelle Direny: And then you get burned out. So you definitely want to pace yourself and get used to going back in the workforce and being around people, and
Richelle Direny: Just dealing with the hustle and bustle of getting up working and doing all of that. So definitely Pace yourself, take it very slowly. Once you get to a place where
Melonie Hamilton: Like you could go
Richelle Direny: Full Throttle then, most definitely.
Richelle Direny: I know one of the things where you don't you've never used to go out a lot. Like how is that for you now like being out and about in the community interacting with
Richelle Direny: Like, what's your anxiety level went
Melonie Hamilton: through the roof.
Melonie Hamilton: That's why it around. That's why I lose my temper. This is why you know is that
Melonie Hamilton: You know, they basically took away and you know my Xanax all my stuff, you know, I'm on two milligrams a day when I used to do six. So that's it.
Melonie Hamilton: It's just like taking away like it doesn't exist. It certainly doesn't work for me.
Melonie Hamilton: And that was the one thing, so it doesn't medication on different levels of whatever we've switched it to different medications on that. That was the thing that kept me get out of the house. Wait, literally.
Melonie Hamilton: Nobody cares. They just want to welcome call me a drug addict and say fuck you deal with it. Well, it doesn't work that way.
Melonie Hamilton: There's real issues of why I don't leave the house and I don't leave the house.
Richelle Direny: So you said that you saw your who prescribed Xanax on Dr Jameson.
Richelle Direny: When you're on two milligrams right now.
Richelle Direny: Okay. I mean, so, you know, I know, in speaking to Dr. Jamison, just in general, just from a you know a program standpoint and just what's best for each patient that will work with it's
Richelle Direny: That's why I asked you, like, what is your anxiety level like it's because it's slowly working through it like processing.
Richelle Direny: You know at what points during the day and what is the situation like kind of walk me through the sequence of events when you start feeling anxious. What is creating the anxiety and speaking through that. So you're
Melonie Hamilton: Gonna want to ever wake up. You don't understand, you know, like I'm happier in Dreamland.
Melonie Hamilton: I don't want to wake up.
Melonie Hamilton: I slept I slept for two days, two
Melonie Hamilton: full days.
Melonie Hamilton: I just slept for two full days.
Melonie Hamilton: Not like a heavy deep sleep, it's like
Melonie Hamilton: I just don't want to get. I don't really have
Melonie Hamilton: No one to do anything.
Richelle Direny: So outside of the anxiety. There's the major depression. You don't want to, you know, you just want to kind of lay in bed and not get up, but
Richelle Direny: What is
Melonie Hamilton: The very thought of having to get a think. The only reason I got in the shower today was go ahead and get on here with you and I think you wanted to look at me from having been sleeping for to fucking days like that.
Richelle Direny: What is surrounding that. And I'm not trying to beat a dead horse in the sense that that I'm not aware of all of the different stressors that you're presented within what's on your mind or ways down on your mind, daily, but
Richelle Direny: Like what is that main
Richelle Direny: stressor that keeps you laying in bed that keeps you kind of in this very low depressed mood that when you think about it increases your anxiety, like what is that
Richelle Direny: The primary stress or the primary issue that keeps you like once that makes you feel like you want to just disconnect from life.
Richelle Direny: Is the feeling of not feeling wanted not be giving the attention that you're in a relationship that is somewhat like a dead end relationship is it
Richelle Direny: You know, what is the there are many problems that we all have. But there is that one key one that just kind of keeps us in the slum all the time and makes it very hard for us to
Melonie Hamilton: pull ourselves out of it. I don't
Melonie Hamilton: I don't know how to explain to you why I have been that way for like six years for that. No.
Melonie Hamilton: I don't know too much bed. She has happened.
Melonie Hamilton: Works out everything goes to shit.
Melonie Hamilton: Now I'm just getting fucking all they want to rip the teeth out of my head, and I feel ugly and my kids didn't test all the time and I don't want to do it.
Melonie Hamilton: So many free
Richelle Direny: Yeah. And you're saying a lot. You're saying a lot each each piece of what you said can be broken down into different you know situation but
Richelle Direny: You're saying that 15 years ago is when you started feeling, what was that significant event that kind of like start everything started going downhill for you 15 years ago.
Melonie Hamilton: Native Born
Richelle Direny: From your first met. How long were you with your that's your first husband.
Melonie Hamilton: My daughter.
Melonie Hamilton: Yeah, we were together. We were married for 15 years so we worked together for years, but he was an island.
Melonie Hamilton: You know, and Samantha wanted to stay with him. He didn't be her
Melonie Hamilton: So no, I didn't even fight that. And I was
Melonie Hamilton: A kid and brainwashed it
Melonie Hamilton: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: You have two children.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. Then the two children are from your previous marriage.
Melonie Hamilton: Well, I had us through when I was 15 and when I was 16 I had him.
Melonie Hamilton: Took me 10 years to get the nerve up to it again bows and never bring another child and poverty.
Melonie Hamilton: Which I then I brought her into an abusive. She relationship.
Melonie Hamilton: So you're probably
Richelle Direny: Your first husband is NOT YOUR SON'S FATHER.
Melonie Hamilton: No.
Richelle Direny: Okay, now
Richelle Direny: How long were you with this your first, your first
Richelle Direny: Like how long was the relationship
Melonie Hamilton: With us and
Melonie Hamilton: With us since that
Richelle Direny: No.
Richelle Direny: You said that it started 15 years ago in that relationship was he was abusive and violent that relationship.
Melonie Hamilton: For roughly 15 years
Melonie Hamilton: Before I finally walk
Melonie Hamilton: Oh, and then he followed me
Richelle Direny: And that's the relationship that he was very abusive.
Richelle Direny: And then after you
Richelle Direny: mustered up enough courage to walk to leave the relationship you said your daughter chose to stay with her dad.
Melonie Hamilton: Yeah, she came and stayed with me in Florida for a year, a whole school year.
Melonie Hamilton: And then her dad came down
Melonie Hamilton: Like four months into it.
But
Melonie Hamilton: Even when Daniel and I went through our divorce and stuff, you know, when I moved out. I moved into the same subdivision.
Melonie Hamilton: So that she wouldn't change a daycare she wouldn't have to enter school should lose your friends or family, which was his family, but that was what she had grown up with
Melonie Hamilton: And so I always made sure to stay. You know, there. So when I move, move, you know, here she is.
Melonie Hamilton: She wanted to know if you if you go from Colorado Springs to the Florida. Keep it is it is a culture shock. It never pulled down. You know what I mean, it's so hot. It's like a three year adjustment period and my son came with me. So he was on a train back to Colorado within two weeks.
Melonie Hamilton: So it was not their world.
Richelle Direny: So for you.
Richelle Direny: It was this feeling of a loss of a relationship abandonment, having no because of the years that you were in this abusive relationship you lost your self worth. You lost value within yourself full
Richelle Direny: Mean
Richelle Direny: Your self esteem. Sounded like it went down because it sounds like you, you put everything into this relationship and it was
Richelle Direny: A complete loss and then your children.
Richelle Direny: So abandon you. Is that what I'm hearing
Melonie Hamilton: And we all know Dustin went to jail. And they kept going back to jail. And then he finally went to prison for them and he just got out of prison, I, I talked to my son. He's in Colorado and
Melonie Hamilton: He just got out of jail, about four months ago.
Melonie Hamilton: Yeah, so maybe five now.
Melonie Hamilton: Or prison, I should say.
Melonie Hamilton: Because that amount. Early on, for all
Richelle Direny: Of your son being out of prison. I'm just saying for you. Because remember, I'm looking at like your
Richelle Direny: Your primary suppressant like what keeps you down. What keeps you in the slum. Like, what is it that weighs you down.
Richelle Direny: And that's and you refer to. You said 15 years ago.
Richelle Direny: You're pretty much still back 15 years ago in this relationship that was abusive and everything kind of that went on and now fast forward 15 years later, and you're somewhat in the same situation.
Melonie Hamilton: What do you want me to say. I mean what, what, you know, you look at the, how many suicides ahead, and then I succeeded, and you have to go because I get up and I'm working for what I'm doing for what
Melonie Hamilton: You know, when my family around. I don't have any friends I have
Melonie Hamilton: No grandkids. So there's nothing
Richelle Direny: So then the question is, you ask yourself what is it worth like what is
Was my life.
Richelle Direny: So you feel like your word.
Melonie Hamilton: I go like, it's not worth a shit. Why am I even here.
Richelle Direny: Is there any point in. Is there any time that you felt
Richelle Direny: It Sunday, a time that you really experience and you just felt
Richelle Direny: Happy where you felt some degree of joy, where you are not feeling the way you're feeling all the time.
Melonie Hamilton: What
Richelle Direny: Is it that you you can't express how you're feeling
Richelle Direny: Now, you feel
Melonie Hamilton: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You don't have headsets.
Melonie Hamilton: Huh.
Richelle Direny: You don't have headset.
Melonie Hamilton: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Melonie Hamilton: Okay, so
Richelle Direny: Tell me about a moment ago even whether it lasted maybe five minutes 10 minutes what brought it on like a time where you felt worse you felt worthy.
Richelle Direny: You felt beautiful or you felt happier you felt joy and you weren't feeling as depressed or anxious
Melonie Hamilton: There never really has been a journey.
Richelle Direny: All right, well, then tell me about the beginning of this current relationship because in order to get into it. Maybe there was a point where you felt a lady you felt happy you felt like my life is going to be a little bit better now its relationship may work.
Melonie Hamilton: Like
Melonie Hamilton: Lately,
And I'm having
Melonie Hamilton: A tough them lately and you know you're
Richelle Direny: You're moving the phone so I can hardly really it's not coming up very clear, you're saying
Melonie Hamilton: When this relationship. I've known my whole day no for many years, even though we weren't dating or things like that and
Melonie Hamilton: Just as being as close as we were he was always there for me always there for me if I needed something
Melonie Hamilton: You know when I got out of my last relationship. And after all that hurricane. And I had to, you know, start moving in all the stuff he was this person I call the help me, you know, and that's it's just I had trust in him in a way that
Melonie Hamilton: This marriage would have worked. Had he not done the things we did
Melonie Hamilton: Quite literally
Melonie Hamilton: Two weeks before we were supposed to move here to this House that we picked out and in down you know all the stuff we had planned.
Melonie Hamilton: And that's what happens when I built myself. I was like, you know, I was happy I was looking forward to getting out of the Florida Keys. And out of that just
Melonie Hamilton: Away from all these people and having a real home and property and stuff. Take care of things to do and wanted to just
Melonie Hamilton: Be happy morning
Melonie Hamilton: And planning for it together.
Richelle Direny: So you're saying that in the beginning when you really needed him to be there. He was def definitely there for you. He was always there for you, helping you.
Melonie Hamilton: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: And then
Melonie Hamilton: Especially like even when when I decided, you know,
Melonie Hamilton: To throw myself into a detox center so I could, you know, come on.
Melonie Hamilton: Doctors killing me. And I heard about Suboxone and all this stuff. I didn't have insurance and
Melonie Hamilton: You know, he was the person where, you know, if I didn't have the money to get you know my oxygen, you know, he would help me.
Melonie Hamilton: If I couldn't get up to my doctor and Miami, I could drive this truck, you know, things like that. Like just things that normal people that don't care about you just, they don't do
Richelle Direny: So even now being in this program. He is somewhat supportive of what you're saying.
Melonie Hamilton: Yeah, I mean, I mean it's just
Melonie Hamilton: me who my issue with all of this has been my doctor had me so for both
Melonie Hamilton: I had to look at every to. So, where, where were they going to take me when I was 50 or 60 you know they had me max out. I had a doctor wanted to put me on on
Melonie Hamilton: Them like that for people who are dying.
Melonie Hamilton: In you know in so I decided, You know, I didn't know about Suboxone once I started doing my homework. It's really all about it. I like that. It just looks like such a better alternative
Melonie Hamilton: You know, and especially with everything else you know that I take, you know, when I because I have my Xanax and all these things and the
Melonie Hamilton: Respiratory problems and accidental overdoses. And I think like that, you know, and I wanted it. I wanted it to go away. You know, I wanted my life back. And I saw that as my way. And so I did that, you know,
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: Even with the beat on the Suboxone program.
Richelle Direny: Um, you know you're doing the you're on the mat, then you're getting the the scripts for it, you're doing
Richelle Direny: Well, you're, you're doing the work.
Richelle Direny: Though, you're not necessarily feeling like there's, there's a whole lot of accomplishment or you're not feeling this early any better, to some degree, you're still
Richelle Direny: very depressed and you're still, you know, feeling anxious and you still feel somewhat low but your work. So there is that part of you.
Richelle Direny: That wants things to get better. You want to trust and believe in yourself. Again, you want to just be whole again. So you are doing the steps to get there. If I think that is just tapping within yourself to know that there
Richelle Direny: There is more. And that you are worth more. And it appears through a fortnight, it appears. I mean, through years of abuse and being talked down to.
Richelle Direny: Um, abused physically abused, emotionally, mentally, the sense of this feeling of abandonment by everyone around you. Um, and then coming back into a relationship where you felt like it was your Redeemer and it ends up being somewhat similar to what you just left.
Richelle Direny: It puts you back in that state of mind or that frame of mind that I'm maybe I'm really not worth it. Maybe I'm not valued. Maybe I cannot be loved. But the question is, with all of that. And with all of that. The question is, do you love yourself and how much do you love yourself.
Melonie Hamilton: Like
Richelle Direny: But that's really that that's the real like that's the question you have to ask yourself, do you love yourself. And I think you say not very much and I believe that there is a greater part of you that do love yourself because you're doing what you need to do.
Richelle Direny: To become whole again to feel better, you're processing what we talked about maybe what you learn in group or what you hear and group you are processing it you're thinking about it.
Richelle Direny: I just think that you
Richelle Direny: You just need to some form of, you know, to encourage yourself self motivator. Like, do you have like one person in your life that you trust and speak to
Melonie Hamilton: Me and my mom, my mom's a disaster. So
Melonie Hamilton: It's hard to talk to her, because you know I love her a trust her. But it's some
Melonie Hamilton: You know,
Melonie Hamilton: A lot of this is learned behavior from her.
Richelle Direny: Your mom was is very depressed as well.
Melonie Hamilton: Yeah, so
Richelle Direny: So okay, so I can see the learned behavior in terms of just how to cope and how to deal and I know one of the sessions that we spoke, you talked about having belief in God. And I think didn't choose to go to church or something like that.
Melonie Hamilton: Yeah, but I'm not there. I don't
Melonie Hamilton: Know I don't you know
Richelle Direny: Not anymore. Right.
Melonie Hamilton: Well, I mean, there is a belief there, but it's not the religion bullshit hate this.
Richelle Direny: One that's talking about from a religious aspect, just a belief in
Richelle Direny: Power higher than yourself.
Melonie Hamilton: Don't know when I killed myself and I died. There was no, wait, wait.
Melonie Hamilton: While you're here, nothing.
Richelle Direny: You're here. So that means that you still have a purpose. That means that you still have a worse. So, in
Melonie Hamilton: Number of all that means is the doctors just brought me back after I begged them not to
You
Richelle Direny: You still have a purpose. And I think it's working on
Richelle Direny: bringing that out of your users. You have
Richelle Direny: If the situations and the circumstances.
Richelle Direny: Are just making it very hard for you to see you and for you to believe it.
Richelle Direny: I have a question right now you're actively working on getting through.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: Getting through this financial barrier, the bankruptcy. What, in your mind, what is your plan. Once that is resolved.
Richelle Direny: Is that going to make you less depressed less anxious happier.
Melonie Hamilton: Is that, well, I don't, I'm not gonna say anything about that. I'm going to say that it's going to take some pressure off as far as what
Melonie Hamilton: I am able to do if I do want to do it.
Richelle Direny: The one thing that you want to do if you're able to do it.
Melonie Hamilton: No.
Melonie Hamilton: No, don't say
Richelle Direny: The reason why I'm asking that. Because if it is, whether it's changing your where you live.
Melonie Hamilton: Oh, dress. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you know, but the but this is the reality. Even if you want. If you change your address. So, financially, you know,
Richelle Direny: Here's somebody is coming to hand you a miracle and the miracle is now you are financially. You are free of all of your financial burdens right
Richelle Direny: You're
Melonie Hamilton: You're seeing us but you know
Melonie Hamilton: I'm just saying, you know, right now I don't have even, even with a bankruptcy, though they go back. There's no evictions or anything like that. I have to get rid of that.
Richelle Direny: That's something you do
Melonie Hamilton: In our market. I don't know. I would be afraid to be alone.
Melonie Hamilton: But, but
Richelle Direny: What I'm saying to you in our minds, we look at our circumstances. And it's kind of like, okay, I want a car. I'm going to give an example. I want a car.
Richelle Direny: So what are my stressors right now. It's like, right, I need to get to work. I need to get to the grocery store. I need to take care of my children. I need to do this and I need to that, but I need a car.
Richelle Direny: And so my stressors ways. Now, my mind is that I need a car because I can't see past all of my issues in my circumstances because I need a vehicle.
Richelle Direny: I need this mode of transportation to get me from I need to get from A to Z, and the only way for me to get from A to Z. I can't do that with work.
Richelle Direny: And I can't do that on a bus, and I can't do that. I need a vehicle and everything that shows up in my life just reminds me each and every time that I need a vehicle.
Richelle Direny: And so that's I'm thinking in my mind is the cause of my depression, so somebody comes along and says, Okay, I'm going to give you a vehicle.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I have the vehicle. I feel happy. I feel good.
Richelle Direny: A month into it, I go back to feeling bad.
Melonie Hamilton: So then that's my point like it things, things aren't going to make a difference.
Richelle Direny: Exactly, things are not going to make a difference. You got my point, things are not going to make it different. Yes. It relieves have maybe an ounce of the pressure. Yes, because now I don't have to worry about, where's the next dollar going to come from to pay these bills.
Richelle Direny: But
Richelle Direny: The truth of the matter is the core is the war that's inside of you.
Richelle Direny: And what is continuing to fuel that war this region inside
Richelle Direny: You have
Melonie Hamilton: A test.
Melonie Hamilton: I'm angry.
Richelle Direny: What's fueling that fire so you're ablaze. What is fueling that fire.
Richelle Direny: Until it's kind of like the force is burning down what is causing this fire. Every time I pour water on this it blazes I pour water it Blazes, I need to get to the source.
Richelle Direny: Of the fire and until I get to the source and remove the source, the fire won't stop coming on. And so what is fueling your fire. What is fueling your rage. What is it that you're having to dear life that you're finding. It's so hard to release it so that you can breathe again.
Richelle Direny: So that you can see life clean or just see
Richelle Direny: What is in front of you a little bit clearer to get past
Melonie Hamilton: Them, I hate them men all they've done is fucked me over.
Melonie Hamilton: And they take advantage of me when I'm down underneath me some more.
Melonie Hamilton: And then they want to make me feel bad because I'm not giving them what they need.
Melonie Hamilton: Well, you know, when you're a fucking predator. That's pretty much how that works for you.
Richelle Direny: And this has always been like that for you when it comes on to men.
It's just, yes.
Richelle Direny: Well, that's just how it's always been like that for you.
Melonie Hamilton: Yes.
Melonie Hamilton: Nothing has ever worked out.
Melonie Hamilton: And that helps me out. So that's not always done you know it takes talking to
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: I have this one question and I don't know this is kind of we're kind of at the end of our session. So to bring up this might be
Richelle Direny: And we will definitely address it again.
Richelle Direny: In our next question.
Richelle Direny: But I'm gonna, I'm going to take you back, way back for a moment.
Richelle Direny: What was the relationship like with your father.
Melonie Hamilton: Normally
Melonie Hamilton: Pretty much.
Melonie Hamilton: So we were way older than he came to Colorado.
Melonie Hamilton: And then
Melonie Hamilton: You know,
Melonie Hamilton: Try to get back into our lives.
Melonie Hamilton: Many has cancer, lung cancer, anytime
Richelle Direny: A. How long did you know him, or had a chance to have a relationship with him before he died.
Melonie Hamilton: About two years. It really take advantage of that.
Richelle Direny: And you said you tried to take advantage of what
Melonie Hamilton: I don't really know.
Richelle Direny: How is
Living
Melonie Hamilton: Huh.
Richelle Direny: How old were you when you met him.
Melonie Hamilton: About all
Melonie Hamilton: Those kindergarten, first grade.
Melonie Hamilton: And six
Richelle Direny: And then he died.
Melonie Hamilton: Oh, that's so nice. That was when I was a little kid, you know, I remember meeting him.
Melonie Hamilton: When I was a little kid, you know and remember where we live. I had to be going into first grade.
Melonie Hamilton: So then
Melonie Hamilton: You know, he said away with the nerve, a child or, you know, even when he got sick with a, you know, lung cancer, he was a veteran. So he had veterans like no social security in never was working on a book so that he didn't have to pay child support Weaver over
Richelle Direny: And so throughout the end. So how old were you when
He died.
Melonie Hamilton: Hey, we know you're I was just like so many things out.
Richelle Direny: And so
Richelle Direny: Who
Melonie Hamilton: Who do I blame.
Richelle Direny: Oh no, I thought you said you blame I thought that's what you said so.
Melonie Hamilton: I blame her for a lot anyway but yeah but no I blink it like I I'll have plenty, but I don't remember. Like, I can't I just put it away, right, like when I was talking to my sister. She's telling me all these things that happen. And I'm like,
Melonie Hamilton: I didn't remember any of them.
Richelle Direny: And so in that time where your father was somewhat in and out of your life. Did you were there other men that maybe your mom was involved in was, that was kind of in in in the visual you affection or treated you like
Richelle Direny: Or did they more take advantage of you and your sisters and your mom or like what was that in terms of a male role model growing up.
Melonie Hamilton: My mom is okay my current step father who I call my dad came into our lives.
Melonie Hamilton: Right when I was about 12 years old. That was her first marriage and I can't even count the boyfriends. I have or the middle on awesome I have
Melonie Hamilton: I couldn't count them. And I don't remember. Molly way.
Melonie Hamilton: So that was her marriage and she works for the airline all over the place we you know we had a step dads. You know, I don't remember the forms. I was really little.
Melonie Hamilton: And then
Melonie Hamilton: She married a pilot, you just step dad and
Melonie Hamilton: Then they got divorced
Richelle Direny: So throughout your life, you had all these different men and an out of your life, none to really call you their own to say
Richelle Direny: To, to be a true role model to show you what a decent loving, caring husband's father looks like.
Richelle Direny: To you have nobody that really your mom wasn't necessarily based on what you're saying wasn't necessarily the greatest example of that.
Richelle Direny: Because she had as you're seeing so many men coming in and out of you and your sister or how many of her siblings you have
Richelle Direny: In an out of your life. So to have someone to show you true affection to show you and tell you that you're beautiful, and you're worth something, and pretty much mold.
Richelle Direny: The concept of what a man really should be in a woman's life or in a child's life, you have no true example of that. So now when you look at your upbringing between mom and dad.
Richelle Direny: Whether via dad or all of the different men that were in and out of your life.
Richelle Direny: You sounds like you're pretty much mimicking to some degree.
Richelle Direny: Your mom's footsteps.
Richelle Direny: Sick. You're looking for love.
Richelle Direny: And affection route. Amen. Because you don't know what that looks like to be loved and the affection, the attention that you're seeking out in your own relationships with the different people that you've been around, you're really truly seeking back from
Richelle Direny: Your father
Melonie Hamilton: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: It's a, it's a far. It's a question because based on what you're saying.
Richelle Direny: A lot of that.
Richelle Direny: Comes from what we lacked from the parents will roles that were placed in our lives that the parents of figures that were placed in our lives. And if they didn't do a very good job at that we tend to seek it out.
Richelle Direny: In the different relationships that we get into
Richelle Direny: Because we create what it should look like in our minds, based on what we see other people do.
Richelle Direny: And what they get us recreate that
In these relationships.
Richelle Direny: So you're looking for in all of these relationships that you're in. You're looking for love and affection, you're looking to be told that you're worthy you're looking to be told that you are something that
Richelle Direny: You're just looking for love.
Richelle Direny: Because you really don't know how to love yourself.
Richelle Direny: So you're looking for someone to love you.
Melonie Hamilton: Don't know.
Melonie Hamilton: Maybe
Richelle Direny: It is food for thought. Um, it's something because again it's identifying the source in order to heal in order to start the healing process. We have to find the source of your fire.
Melonie Hamilton: Your goal.
Melonie Hamilton: Is not to be hearing process and we can have it for six years old.
Richelle Direny: It's it's it's a start.
Richelle Direny: It's a start.
Richelle Direny: Up. Very a lot of in what you said. Like, you, you, you know, you don't want to think about it. You don't want to, um, are you block a whole lot of things from your mind you block. A lot of the hurt and the pain you suppress it
But
Richelle Direny: The reality is, no matter how much we try to suppress something it wants to come out.
Richelle Direny: It wants to come out. It wants you to give birth to it. He wants you to release it so that you can become whole but like you said, it is a healing process. It's not going to happen overnight. It's not going to happen in the next month or two, it is a process and
Melonie Hamilton: When you say I like my fingers and maybe I'm just accustomed to them.
Richelle Direny: And you are. And you're absolutely right, you're accustomed to them. And you know why you're accustomed to them because that's all you know
Richelle Direny: No one has ever said to you.
Richelle Direny: Know, you don't have to live with this particular demon for the rest of your life. It is okay to release it.
Richelle Direny: To demon is asking to be released.
Richelle Direny: But then, because you're so accustomed to it. It is your normal
Richelle Direny: It is your normal
Richelle Direny: You know know a better until someone tells you
Richelle Direny: Hey. You ever thought that maybe this is what's going on.
Richelle Direny: Have you ever thought that that may be what fuels your fire.
Richelle Direny: So you're absolutely right when you said that you know you're just accustomed to it.
Richelle Direny: You're absolutely right. It's your normal
Richelle Direny: Then, do you want a different normal is the question. Do you want to know what a different normal feels like in look like
Richelle Direny: That's the question.
Richelle Direny: And are you willing to go through the
Richelle Direny: Process to get away. That's the question.
Richelle Direny: So, um,
Richelle Direny: I would definitely love to explore it a little bit more during our next session.
Richelle Direny: Um, well, just think about it. Do you
Richelle Direny: Can we try something for our next session or that you can work on
Richelle Direny: And I think we did. We talked about it. The last time telling years each day.
Richelle Direny: Telling us some one positive thing for the day.
Richelle Direny: Mom.
Melonie Hamilton: Or my
Melonie Hamilton: What some kind
Melonie Hamilton: I
Richelle Direny: Melanie. I love you. That's something positive. Tell yourself that Melanie. I love you.
Melonie Hamilton: Well, I'm not a really big firm believer in line. So
Melonie Hamilton: I'm firm believer in lying to myself so
Richelle Direny: What it's a start.
Richelle Direny: Because until you learn to love yourself, it's going to be very, very hard.
Melonie Hamilton: To cross over it. Why
Hmm.
Melonie Hamilton: That particular favorite life.
Richelle Direny: It could be alive.
Melonie Hamilton: It would be allowed to
Richelle Direny: Do you want to learn how to
Melonie Hamilton: I don't know if this sucks.
Richelle Direny: Hmm.
Melonie Hamilton: I don't know. This sucks.
Melonie Hamilton: Talking about this.
Richelle Direny: Why do you need it.
Richelle Direny: What, what about it makes you hate it so much.
Melonie Hamilton: Be vulnerable.
Richelle Direny: Vulnerable to getting hurt.
Melonie Hamilton: Yeah, they have it.
Melonie Hamilton: They all dollars shipping happening even try to remember it.
Melonie Hamilton: You don't want to remember it. There's a reason
Richelle Direny: But this is what it's doing. See right now.
Richelle Direny: Think about giving when you were giving birth to any one of your kids and the doctors have Melanie, but you got to get it down. You're like it hurts too much. I don't
Richelle Direny: Know, I don't want to have to go through
Richelle Direny: But you know, I don't. But if you don't, you are going to die. You have to release it and I know it because I have three kids. So I know you got to get it out and you're like, No, it hurts so
Richelle Direny: It hurts. But in the end, when you finally allowed yourself to release it. You loved what the end result was but you just have to pump one point to say I want to take a chance and I want to trust the process I just take a chance. That's it. Just take a chance
Richelle Direny: You got it.
Richelle Direny: One at a time, one of the time, not all at once. But one of the time.
Melonie Hamilton: I feel like I'm doing right now is showing up.
Richelle Direny: At you're absolutely right, you are absolutely you are thousand percent right just by showing up and doing this and keeping to your plan, you are
Richelle Direny: That even though it's very hard for you to tell yourself that I love, I love Melanie is even though it's hard, you're showing Melanie that you do care and you want a new normal.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I believe that I showed up today.
Richelle Direny: So maybe we could start with, like I said one positive thing. I showed up today.
Richelle Direny: Melanie we showed up today. And that's good.
Richelle Direny: That's it tomorrow I woke up today and I got dress, that's good.
We did.
Richelle Direny: You understand, I get the faces that you got out of bed, we got out of the bed and that's good.
Richelle Direny: It doesn't have to. Don't make your mind. Take it bigger than it needs to be.
Richelle Direny: If you combed your hair. We combed are here today. In fact, that's progress.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Melonie Hamilton: Alright so next appointment.
Next,
Up on the
Melonie Hamilton: OKAY, WHAT TIME WHAT TIME IS
Melonie Hamilton: The time
Six o'clock.
Okay.
Melonie Hamilton: All right.
Richelle Direny: All right.
Melonie Hamilton: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So we'll see you in two weeks. If you need to see earlier, just let me know. Okay.
Melonie Hamilton: All right, I'll be working the week before that so
Melonie Hamilton: Okay, you know,
Richelle Direny: Alright, have a good
Melonie Hamilton: Alright thanks you too.
Brittany Mount: Oh,
Richelle Direny: I'm sorry, right, my last question, what over a few minutes.
Brittany Mount: Oh, you're fine.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, so your daughter had your own phone phone doodling on it.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, in the not tell me. When did she just laid it down didn't charge it
Brittany Mount: Union.
Brittany Mount: I picked it up once I realized it was a little bit after seven I picked it up. I'm like, Oh my gosh, like it was completely dead.
Brittany Mount: So, yeah.
Brittany Mount: But we're home and on a charger and it's charged enough that won't die on me in the middle of it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's fine. You're good.
Brittany Mount: Have you been
Richelle Direny: I've been good. I have big did we had a session earlier wasn't today's one maybe one thing
Richelle Direny: To be happy Monday or it was last
Brittany Mount: It was last week on Wednesday.
Brittany Mount: Okay, yeah, it's supposed to be every other Wednesday, but she was sick. Last week, and the doctor and years of service and there
Brittany Mount: There isn't like
Brittany Mount: The Office parts but once you get back to urgent care emergency room there. I don't know why that during no service and that part of hospital.
Richelle Direny: I mean, just in the just, if you're gonna if you know like ahead of time or there was a situation where you're not going to be able to the same way that I sent you the message just
Richelle Direny: Send me my
Richelle Direny: Way and say, Hey, Michelle. I'm going to have to cancel. Um, can we reschedule. Okay.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I
Brittany Mount: Have that link what whenever all that happen.
Brittany Mount: Okay, yeah, it's
Brittany Mount: Easier to get in touch with you, having that
Brittany Mount: Happen. The call right heart.
Brittany Mount: liking them relay in the messages.
Richelle Direny: You said it's easier to get in contact with me the way when I sent you the message.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, like, yeah, leaving the text thing I like was better, or to the
Brittany Mount: The email link is
Here.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Brittany Mount: He's okay. Please. This going around robot her school like today, they didn't have school because my 20% of the population is out sick.
Brittany Mount: And then they got half of their stuff was sick, so they cancelled or today, which I don't understand, like, they're not going to get rid of the flu in one day.
Brittany Mount: Whatever.
Richelle Direny: What is it, don't they have some kind
Brittany Mount: Of
Richelle Direny: You know, every so often, they have these like weird lose their current you ever
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Brittany Mount: That is
Richelle Direny: Only section in your graphical area. Like, how does the flu only knows just stay right there and never cross the border.
Right.
Richelle Direny: But so, but you said that she's doing. And it's cold up there, isn't it.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I mean, it's this one or hasn't been winner really like. I mean, we've had a few real cold days but
Brittany Mount: I think Christmas. It was like 60 degrees.
Brittany Mount: Something like that and then
Brittany Mount: It stayed round about that.
Brittany Mount: Are basically all summer. I mean, we've had. It was probably a week it was down in like the 40s through the day. And then at night, it got down like and not negative OR NOTHING THAT DOWN boy like like around 10 degrees but
Brittany Mount: For the most part it stayed nice
Richelle Direny: You said negative 10 degrees that
Brittany Mount: No, I said I didn't go negative or nothing, but it was like 10 degrees for a few nights, but other than that now everything's been
Brittany Mount: Pretty nice. I don't watch the code or the
Richelle Direny: It's snowing there now.
Brittany Mount: No.
Richelle Direny: There's snow on the ground. No.
Brittany Mount: I don't think anything it snowed one time and like
Brittany Mount: And stuck.
Brittany Mount: In I think one. Yeah, one time it snowed and stuck for like a day, half a day. But yeah, usually back when I was a kid growing up on it. We had Christmas, you know, I mean, all that I was never not so for Christmas. Hardly. Now, I can tell you the last year, we've had snow on Christmas.
Richelle Direny: You know, you go to these places, you know, we got an authentic a movie thing where they tell you
Richelle Direny: It's going to snow, like it's going to be a white Christmas like I'll go visit New York sometimes
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and it's like, oh, it's going to be white Christian and you're everybody's like sitting there waiting for it to be a white Christmas and Christmas is just the normal day
Brittany Mount: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Brittany Mount: When they say Ohio is like
Brittany Mount: The seasons. I want one week. They're not joking.
Brittany Mount: One day, it will be 20 degrees and the next day. It could be nine. You never
Richelle Direny: Well, that's kind of like how it is important.
Brittany Mount: Right. Yeah. Yes. Oh boy.
Brittany Mount: We talk we talk about that kind of stuff all the time how like with the weather and because I was we were talking about like going on a trip this summer and trying to figure out, like when would be the really the best time of years ago when I was said some about
Brittany Mount: Going like after I got my tax money or something somewhere. And I was like, well, what's it like in Florida, like in February. And I'm thinking, like,
Brittany Mount: You know, I mean,
Brittany Mount: It would be colder, like I didn't know how cold it got or how it would be good time of year to go. And he said, Well, just depending on what you like in
Brittany Mount: How
Brittany Mount: Your body thinks like i mean i'm really I get cold easy so
Brittany Mount: He's like for you. You might want to wait till like March or April.
Brittany Mount: He said, It's not bad.
Richelle Direny: What to come to Florida.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, and like
Richelle Direny: You you experienced the seasons in one day it will be winter in the morning five o'clock in summer.
Or
Richelle Direny: Be it will be winter in the morning by I'm in before it gets like Layton before the sun really peaks that all of a sudden it's raining, then, boom.
Is hot
Richelle Direny: You got to really walk. What a change of clothes and you need
Richelle Direny: More to life for you. So then we get sick because like, It's cold. It's hot. It's cold. It's hot. It's cold.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So that's how we. That's how we roll in Florida.
Richelle Direny: So you're always welcome to move to Florida.
Brittany Mount: If you hate the smell and
Brittany Mount: I would love to. For real. I would love to.
Richelle Direny: And I'm sure your daughter would love it because then the beach is everywhere.
Brittany Mount: Yeah. Yep.
Richelle Direny: So did you did you
Richelle Direny: Come up with what you're going for.
Brittany Mount: For this to plan a trip. I haven't decided on where exactly yet.
Brittany Mount: I don't, I don't know if we're going to go to Florida or if we're going to just stay up here like around Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
Brittany Mount: But I'm trying as of now to say like $20 a week.
Brittany Mount: And like, I mean if I don't have it that we got to still have that. Yeah. If I've got got it and I can put back 20 every week and then that will help out like tremendously. And then I'm taking probably 500 out of my tax money and setting it back.
Brittany Mount: And so there's like my little jumpstart and then 20 a week and
Brittany Mount: If not, just give me a short vacation.
Richelle Direny: Right, whether it's shorter
Brittany Mount: No matter how right yes i just want to take don't care if it's only two days or three days. I want to take her
Brittany Mount: But depending on where we go, I think. Either way, we're going to drive it takes
Brittany Mount: 16 hours to get
Brittany Mount: To Florida from where we're at, like, you know, down to were kind of in the area where I'm thinking I'm
Brittany Mount: So 16 hours.
Brittany Mount: Debate Between like we're wanting to go so oh he was from
Brittany Mount: I think it's Bart well bolo or
Brittany Mount: I don't know. He's in the shower. I'll ask him every gets out where he's from something like that, especially the be or
Richelle Direny: Where
We're headed boyfriend.
Brittany Mount: No, not Broward
Brittany Mount: I'll have to ask
Richelle Direny: And we're in Florida. He's fun
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I'll ask him here in a few minutes. He's in the shower but yeah
Brittany Mount: When we're gonna go down like that area. He is. He has a sister down there.
Brittany Mount: With the possibly stay with her kind of save money or which I'd rather get a room is I work for Hampton, and I can get rooms cheaper. So
Richelle Direny: You work for the Hampton, you can get. Do they still have I used to work for Hilton properties. Years ago.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, that's, yeah, we get the employee discount
Richelle Direny: Is it still like $39 or something, some crazy amount
Brittany Mount: Yeah. Well, I think it's what after tax. It's a
Brittany Mount: I think we pay
Brittany Mount: 51 after tax.
Brittany Mount: $45 and then after tax 51
Richelle Direny: Also they increase that a little bit, but even
Brittany Mount: Even that saves you a lot.
Richelle Direny: Really nice as well.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, and most of them have or sell them like if you said embassy. They got a lot of them have the restless thing like hot
Brittany Mount: Like when you made the order
Richelle Direny: Cook to order. I used to work. They have the cook supporter in the mornings early in the mornings, like they have
Richelle Direny: And then the
Richelle Direny: Is it the Hamptons know it's it's there. There's, there's another one that they have a kitchen in the room.
Richelle Direny: What is the call, not the head that the Hamptons
Brittany Mount: Home too sweet.
Richelle Direny: Sweet Homewood suites.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, yeah. A
Richelle Direny: Little kitchen liquor with refrigerator.
Kind of like
Brittany Mount: So dishes. Yes. We stayed in an embassy that have that no
Richelle Direny: It has to be Homewood suites and pants and doesn't have it embassies, the only one that does the cook to order.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, they did the kitchen and the room and what and hold two is a
Brittany Mount: Lie embassy, but it's like it's kind of like embassies
Brittany Mount: I forget what
Richelle Direny: Whooping only has the embassy Homewood suites. I'm the Hampton Inn, just the Hilton, they don't i don't think that they have any other property.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, there's a hold on Stefan.
Brittany Mount: When we stayed in Guam as well is that hotel, not the embassy with the other real nice one.
Brittany Mount: Double DoubleTree
Richelle Direny: DoubleTree your rights off a tree.
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Well, we'll treat family friendly, I think.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, it's more
Richelle Direny: I think that's how they define it for more like the rooms are bigger, it's more accommodating for family it at home with sweet.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, yeah. They had a kitchen. And there's also, which was kind of it was a little bit smaller than the home to sweets, but or Homewood suites.
Brittany Mount: Yeah. Very nice, very nice.
Richelle Direny: Good luck in my little situation there.
Brittany Mount: I will port authority from Stefan.
Brittany Mount: Know the name
Brittany Mount: Polk County Barlow or Bartow
Brittany Mount: Bartow and Polk County on
Richelle Direny: I don't know where that is. I think that's north of here.
Brittany Mount: What did you say
Brittany Mount: Central
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I think that's more French room.
Brittany Mount: What was it
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's fine, but it's more central going
Yes.
Richelle Direny: But yes.
Brittany Mount: But even on bottom of Florida.
Richelle Direny: But in Central Florida in Central Florida. They have to come out for the beach.
Brittany Mount: Right, yeah. But me and
Brittany Mount: That was you know at least without much we're fortunate only are in Ohio for me maybe
Brittany Mount: I'm very true. You are
right about that.
Richelle Direny: So how's everything going with your mother with your parents. I know with your mom, you can't really be around for too long.
Yeah.
Brittany Mount: I mean something bad. I haven't really been around her too much. My daughter stayed over the weekend or
Brittany Mount: Yes, he came to Wednesday. I'm over there for a few nights and then stayed back here on the weekend and then today.
Brittany Mount: I took her and went over there and all that, that
Brittany Mount: Mom was hoping to do homework. The other night and
Brittany Mount: She called me, and I had to do it like over video chat with her is my mom and her doing homework together is horrible mom just she don't want to do it. So she's instantly.
Brittany Mount: Just a total but about the whole thing is yelling out of the whole time like this, it's nothing. Nothing yelling and screaming and
Brittany Mount: Crying and my mom smacking her and
Brittany Mount: I said, how is it, how can anybody culture like that. And then if I'm. They are also or even like me on the phone.
Brittany Mount: I was sitting there trying to tell her like talk to her and guide her through it. My mom standing right over top over shoulder
Brittany Mount: yelling and screaming the whole time. And I was like, Mom, just walk away from the phone walk away. Don't say nothing.
Brittany Mount: Let me handle this. Like, I'll do it. I can try to maybe show understand if I the way I'm going to tell her. Well, finally she got the hint and walked away and just let me do it and everything was
Brittany Mount: Fine. She was starting to understand it because she's not real good like she's an IP and stuff, but I see not rather with a multiplication well
Brittany Mount: Now the classes started doing like division. So my mom called me and silly. The first thing she can't do it. It's just over her head. She can't do it. No mom didn't want to take the time out the extra time to sit there and try to help her. You know what I mean dagger through it.
Brittany Mount: Helper more
Brittany Mount: Once you
Brittany Mount: Got to try to get her to write something like it, even though the wrong be better than not doing it all while I'm just wondering, take the paper back into our health teacher like
I'm
Brittany Mount: So happy you're
Richelle Direny: Reading the process.
What is it
Richelle Direny: No, I said, did your daughter. What she getting frustrated with your mom.
Brittany Mount: Leather yeah row. Yeah, it's always the team also his homework or says something about homework. It's, it's in
Brittany Mount: My off the rip their fears of dread bit and then because she if she hesitates if you don't jump. Well, my mom says homework, then it's
Brittany Mount: Yeah, it's crazy. I said there's no way to learning anything with you screaming and yelling and snappy, the whole time. No way.
Brittany Mount: For me, regardless
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I know what ready to ship and when you don't when you don't understand something for
Richelle Direny: She's in fourth yeah when you don't understand something you definitely get a little bit more frustrated
Richelle Direny: When you don't understand her
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Brittany Mount: Yep.
Brittany Mount: Mama. She don't think she can do something
Brittany Mount: She like she's like she she can't new obligation. She can't do division or she, she can't do multiplication. So she won't be able to do division. She's just not email do this. And I'm like,
Brittany Mount: Woman Maybe if see you like dollars to the point where she would understand maybe that would make for multiplication easier, somehow or something like
Brittany Mount: I hate them doing homework together or being around them whenever like mom's helping or something that evening or however, she's like they're trying to hold work. I am
Brittany Mount: I dread for my daughter like important thing
Richelle Direny: So do you
Richelle Direny: So why not to go and you doing
Brittany Mount: Right.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, that's what I've been trying, you know, the most if I if I, if there's a way around it that I can and I will say, if I have to, like, if I have to work late, you know, something like that. I can't, then
Brittany Mount: Mom, mom, half season.
Brittany Mount: I tried. I even tried to get my foot. My dad. He quit school and like a street.
Brittany Mount: So, and he's
Brittany Mount: Not a good speller and not like he can do some math and stuff, but a lot of it is over my dad's head. And I mean, so I graduated in some of this stuff she rings home. I'm like,
Brittany Mount: Doing this in fourth grade, and like I don't even remember how to use some have it so I have to like refresh myself before I can help her. And so
Richelle Direny: Don't worry. My son is in pre kindergarten, then they're teaching him how to add three five plus three.
Brittany Mount: Oh, wow.
Brittany Mount: It's, it's a little crazy.
Richelle Direny: Pre kindergarten, they want
Richelle Direny: It is not, you know, they're teaching them how to read a whole doggone sentence like, seriously.
Richelle Direny: More he's only for, like, why are you why are we learning how to read the whole sentence.
Brittany Mount: Begun Sierra Mist will sign ups or pre K
Brittany Mount: I was like, were her birthday falls. I thought she would fall in differently than what she did, because like the cut off is I forget, but the way the cut off runs I
Brittany Mount: Know I missed getting her into pre k. So, but the daycare center this who is going to kind of ran like a Pre K like they felt like they did like
Brittany Mount: School stuff like they did stuff with them like that so that helped out a lot on that part that yeah
Brittany Mount: They were to figure how to do stuff. I was like,
Brittany Mount: Well, in the world are they do, and like this kid like to throw a name like you're trying to get her to write Olsen's is and you
Know what
Richelle Direny: Well, we're gonna have a bunch of genius.
Because there.
Richelle Direny: Have you been meeting with your
Brittany Mount: With
Your sponsor.
Brittany Mount: Well, yeah, we speak daily and then usually at least once a week.
Brittany Mount: Here, like meetings.
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Brittany Mount: One day a week, she'll come over in my house or
Brittany Mount: We'll meet up somewhere either something just sit down and chat.
Brittany Mount: Maybe more concepts are just things or
Brittany Mount: Do something fun super fun.
Brittany Mount: Stuff.
Brittany Mount: Will get a meetings like out of town.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, just a
Brittany Mount: Bunch of different things.
Brittany Mount: Which we were friends for a while.
Brittany Mount: Before like I'm there since we went to rehab them together and 2013 12 2012 2013 so like I've known her for and I knew, I knew her before that we're from the same town so
Brittany Mount: Yeah, we've known each other a long times and everybody was kind of like you guys have been friends like I don't know if that's a good idea for a sponsor to
Brittany Mount: The know she puts me in my place and she's not afraid to tell me how how she is feeling your thinks about something or any of that I
Brittany Mount: Had any problems so far with her being up front with me.
Brittany Mount: She don't hold that
Richelle Direny: Um,
Brittany Mount: Well, that's a good thing, sometimes the things you might dig it harder on me than she does or other responses.
Brittany Mount: Because we have
Richelle Direny: Is it because you guys have known each other a really long time.
Brittany Mount: Yeah. Yeah. And then it was just like I was to the point I'd went. I've been trying for so long to find one. And then I did find one she came to one of the meetings I go to and I had her or
Brittany Mount: Maybe a month and to relapse.
Brittany Mount: And then it was just, I just, I was having a hell of a time kind of on a sponsor and we're to our town small like it's hard to find and there's
Brittany Mount: Our group has maybe 20 people on a good night. So, and then to find somebody that had numerous years and are you know more than a year clean something or they are clean and all that, like somebody that I can click within kind of trust a little bit. It was just, I was almost next to impossible.
Richelle Direny: So, I mean, I mean it's, it seems like you're really in a good place. Though Brittany and maybe that's the reason why
Richelle Direny: You know, maybe
Richelle Direny: She kind of holds you more accountable than
Brittany Mount: Maybe the other sponsors that she has. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like you raising the bar reason the expectation
Richelle Direny: With you, because you're further along in
Richelle Direny: Your, your journey.
Brittany Mount: With her other sponsors, he has
Brittany Mount: And I think she just got her nine months.
Brittany Mount: Or he tagged. So I think she's got about 10 or 11 months clean
Brittany Mount: Yeah. Yes. Like I
Brittany Mount: Do what
Brittany Mount: Others fancy. What is it,
Richelle Direny: You said, yeah, yes. I think she had like
Brittany Mount: You know, kind of, I was like 10 or 11 lines.
Richelle Direny: So what are you doing outside of like once of the support groups and what have you, or even meeting up with your, your sponsor. Like, what are some of the things that you're doing to help maintain your sobriety.
Richelle Direny: Or just like
Richelle Direny: Doing
Brittany Mount: journaling.
Brittany Mount: Like self taught us like right and she has me like great will sticky pad know things and like, put them on the mayor or like
Brittany Mount: Get up in like each day look in the mirror and tell them, like say a positive thing about why so for
Brittany Mount: I have you been doing that.
Richelle Direny: For you doing
Brittany Mount: Well, we just got started doing that. But yeah, I can't. I think a little bit cuz I don't know. We're trying to work on stuff with like confidence, self confidence and
Richelle Direny: you struggle with your self confidence.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, yeah. I don't know what, like I just always have even from like a young age.
Brittany Mount: I don't, I don't know if that kind of played into me like getting on. I kind of think you'll play a role me getting on drugs because I tried to fit in, and then
Brittany Mount: Like playing sports and all that. Like I helped me lose way.
Brittany Mount: Just different things in school, cuz uh yeah I just kind of feel like it played a role with myself confidence about me. Get on drugs like
Brittany Mount: A young age.
Brittany Mount: When you also talked about 1213 years old so
Richelle Direny: We also talked about with your, with your mom.
Richelle Direny: And kind of what they're always kind of been like a relationship. And, you know, my understanding is that she was not very a very positive light in a lot of things for you.
Brittany Mount: Know, she she wasn't
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I mean, there was, there's a couple different factors. I think your plane.
Brittany Mount: Every, everything combined and
Brittany Mount: Different things that kind of led into me like getting started with the drugs and
Richelle Direny: Not specific then but with more. So the cell phone because you said you were only child. Right.
Brittany Mount: Now I have a younger brother, he's five years younger than me. Okay.
Richelle Direny: But you're talking about what
Brittany Mount: To your self confidence.
Richelle Direny: You said that you feel like that was all said and done, but you know when you start the first time you got introduced to any type of drug whether alcohol and then matter what kind of drove you did.
Richelle Direny: Right. Um, there's all ways multiple factors that
Richelle Direny: broke your barrier down brokers found that allowed you to say, Oh, I like this and you keep doing it and you keep going. There's always multiple factors.
Richelle Direny: What is the main
Richelle Direny: What was the main one, like you have your primary, secondary, tertiary, and that you kind of go that way.
Richelle Direny: And you look at your, your, like you said, you still struggle with your confidence, your self confidence. And if you don't start working through that like your sponsor isn't working, you know, on that.
Richelle Direny: That can take you back to the road less traveled
Right.
Richelle Direny: You're saying
Richelle Direny: Yeah. If that was your primary thing is your self confidence. If that's your weakness. Then someone can come back and it might be something that says something that's done.
Richelle Direny: And then it puts you kind of back in a slump.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, and maybe like the way
Brittany Mount: She was like, even up to now just being so negative and everything. I think maybe like she played a role in my self confidence, like we haven't low so providence and to lose my mind way like you had to be
Brittany Mount: A she's even started this with my daughter and I told her, I said, Don't do it. Just stop now is in my nose not overweight, but she's always telling her like
Brittany Mount: You're going on a diet like we're gonna stop eating so much and you got to get up and get off the computer which I mean, yeah, she doesn't get up and
Brittany Mount: Come here a little bit.
Brittany Mount: racy fine. It's not like she's like so coming from Stony all day.
Brittany Mount: For tracking them suffers a few hours later on when she's at school. They have, have you seen this one says mambo hate. They don't eat them that like she's used to dad in
Brittany Mount: High school kids are nothing to compare the World Cup. All right, so before we even when she comes home and just yeah she's always on her A better way. And I'm like, she's
Brittany Mount: Like she's doing
Brittany Mount: Is she's very short now well always set up a little bit and then so sprout up well.
Brittany Mount: No robo quicker now alarms, like, yep. Very good. I didn't look like that when I was planning, everything's different mother, like we got maybe she's fine. There's she doesn't have a weight issue like
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Brittany Mount: Whatever order an adult know what we got like a Quarter Pounder meal gone so that's too much for her. And I'm like,
Brittany Mount: Rolling kids like if she can eat it, she can eat. It's not gonna be 500 pounds negotiated double cheeseburger her
Richelle Direny: Maybe, maybe.
Richelle Direny: When we have our own internal struggles we kind of display that on someone else to make them feel bad.
Richelle Direny: Because of how like little struggles. So sometimes you know if the question is, Is your mom super hard on you and your daughter, because that's how she grew up, if that's all she knows
Richelle Direny: So if negative being negative nancy and I'm
Richelle Direny: Overly
Brittany Mount: Critical about certain things. I don't know, like where I don't
Brittany Mount: I we've never really talked about it. I don't know, like
Brittany Mount: I know my mom. My mom stayed really small until
Brittany Mount: She had a hysterectomy, and she was probably 35 she had to have a hysterectomy, because she had a tumor.
Brittany Mount: And then like she started gaining a lot of like not sad that she put on some weight. I just got bigger than it had ever done and but I'm not sure. Like when she was a kid like if it was something like to tell she's tired or, you know, I'm not sure about that. I
Brittany Mount: But I just
Brittany Mount: I know like even one
Brittany Mount: Till I was
Brittany Mount: Let's see. My brother was us five and one brother was born, I was probably 1213
Brittany Mount: No, I was about 15 whenever she got her hysterectomy. And then, yes, when she started going her way and stuff. And my dad would kind of
Brittany Mount: Ride her about her, like, just joking around with messing with her about her way, which I know that hurt her feelings, because she wasn't used to be in
Brittany Mount: Having no kind of thickness. She was tiny size like zeros and ones, my whole life. And then up until then. And then it was like she got now she's like supporting the 10 or 12 which means you're not big. It's just big and once you do
Brittany Mount: And
Brittany Mount: So he would turn to ground for a mess with her and now it's
Brittany Mount: Oh no, she's. I don't know.
Brittany Mount: I just she's on a 10 year old about me and she's like, I just, I didn't look like that. Well, doesn't matter what
Brittany Mount: You put your
Brittany Mount: Get
Richelle Direny: Your, your, your thing is starting to break up a lot.
Richelle Direny: Hello.
Brittany Mount: Can you hear me now.
Brittany Mount: Okay, I don't know, I started like if somebody tries to call while I'm on this. It's like my volume goes completely out like and I can, I can barely hear you and then you won't be able to hear me.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so it's the volume. Someone should try calling you.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, no. That's it. No, I. So I guess what, now that you turn the video off. I guess I can hear it better now.
Brittany Mount: Can you still
Richelle Direny: Hear that
Brittany Mount: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I just have to turn the volume off the video off for like in turn it on and then it comes back.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Yeah. So it sounds. It sounds like your, your mom has been that she struggles with
Brittany Mount: Yeah, definitely. Yeah, like
Brittany Mount: Has been like
Brittany Mount: The greatest like he left like they just weren't a bad spot, Lester. I mean, but it's been
Brittany Mount: I don't know. My daughter is eight years old, probably for Greek word and they split up like six months of me and
Brittany Mount: Somebody else and all that will mom still rings up to this day like it was just like just happened.
Brittany Mount: And
Brittany Mount: And I mean, which the relationship
Brittany Mount: Hasn't been good sense, but
Brittany Mount: It says she will try. It's like she won't even try to move past it really is. She said she is. But she is all the time bringing in a or if the girls names mentioned
It.
Brittany Mount: Like yeah
Brittany Mount: She's stuck on it.
Brittany Mount: And then they're taking help and take care of my grandmother, which is my dad's mom and my mom's parents are both on so she every time she does something for his mom. Well, I don't have parents so
Brittany Mount: And I'm like, you can't take that out on my on her is your parents in the home like
Brittany Mount: Your dad, anybody can change your
Parents are still together now.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, yeah. They're back together. Now they he had left it. They were split up for about six months and then
Brittany Mount: Come back.
Brittany Mount: And they were supposed to be working on it and work past that and all that which I mean they did good for a little while and then it got to the point where she was right back to
Brittany Mount: Bring it up like this on his face all the time about it.
Brittany Mount: Just now, she's and that's, that's when she started drinking more and just over the years. She just drinks all the time. And like the other night it was over there.
Brittany Mount: And see my daughter. One of the way down in there but like they were watch TV and living your instance. Yes. So you can go away in their bedroom. Well, mom, threw a fit dad's like
Brittany Mount: Yes. You can't sneak in there and sip on our bottle because seer, isn't there. And I was like,
Brittany Mount: She's hiding the bottle in the bedroom. Now, and he's like, I guess is what I'm fine like to I found out found one day and it was like so.
Brittany Mount: Why she hiding it. And then all of a sudden, he was like she don't want me know and she's drinking. As soon as she gets home from work until she is the bed.
Brittany Mount: I was like, Yeah, but everybody knows because Mommy is three shots and she starts running her mouth are getting like she's saying this, you know what I mean time tickets are different, you'll always know when she's had more than two shots like you just know and
Brittany Mount: But I mean, she's even like the sneak in the bathroom and smoke a cigarette. After 20 years of everybody know and. She smokes like. Show me, show me a lot. Just a couple cigarettes a day but
Brittany Mount: Yeah, she's still and that my dad. I don't care if you smoke. He smokes, like you're not gonna say nothing to her and she for some reason just won't come out and smoke a cigarette in front of him, or let him know that. She smokes what so like she does not like I'm in now.
Richelle Direny: I mean, but how this whole with her drinking and with her. So hearing you speak. It's like, you think about, like you said there has there were many factors. So you talk about your self confidence.
Richelle Direny: Talk about the marital issues that your parents went through maybe how it had an impact on your mom how maybe she treated you and your brother at the time, or how much responsibility, she may have placed on you, of being the oldest child.
Richelle Direny: To her drinking or using alcohol to cope with her hurt in her pain, even up to today. So a lot of that in terms of when you look at your own struggles
Richelle Direny: Um, what was your normal growing up is a direct relation to how you were brought up and what you were exposed to throughout the years through your mother.
Richelle Direny: And you and your mother having such a
Richelle Direny: Kind of like a hot and cold relationship. It sounds like
Brittany Mount: Yeah, yeah, it's either good or it's bad.
Richelle Direny: Uh huh. And so, but that's so growing up. That's always that's like, so your normal is whatever however life.
Richelle Direny: In your growing up, how it was presented to you. So it wasn't that hard for you to turn to.
Richelle Direny: That vehicle of
Richelle Direny: Of how you coped with your issues and your different things that you encountered that made you ultimately choose to
Richelle Direny: You know, started using whatever substance that you use opiates at whatever it is that you use. It was like, What else did you know growing up.
Brittany Mount: What, what, wait.
Richelle Direny: What else were you exposed to mom seems to still be stuffing a lot of her issues, you know, she hides a lot of back
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And so
Richelle Direny: That can help you to motivate your for you to look at it is, do you think that that's a healthy way for her to do with her issues.
Brittany Mount: She definitely means a counselor.
Brittany Mount: And
Brittany Mount: Stop drinking
Brittany Mount: But definitely sound or
Brittany Mount: Maybe even talk to somebody like so. My dad or me or somebody
Brittany Mount: Like it was always
Brittany Mount: Like hush hush and the family. You don't talk about what goes on house and then like
Brittany Mount: basically talks about yourself or with the family, then go on and talk counselor do it, which now, my dad like
Brittany Mount: And that like they're more like they know like a counseling. I need you know, stuff like that.
Brittany Mount: But that one like growing up like you didn't talk about what went on inside the home like to other people like work that out with the family, the family and that's what to say so.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I don't know, like she's gonna be
Brittany Mount: And try to figure it out.
Brittany Mount: It's not going to get any better.
Brittany Mount: It's not going to get any better, worse.
Worse.
Brittany Mount: Something about we have he brought it up saying something about she needed to go and get like antidepressants, or some, some, like, you need to talk to a doctor, maybe about getting put on some some time.
Brittany Mount: And which I don't disagree one she probably doesn't make something for depression and stuff. And then I said that you can't just shove a pill in your mouth and think that that's all going to make it better.
Brittany Mount: Just like your album all
Brittany Mount: I said was like what a counselor some sleep.
Brittany Mount: And then I was like, Mom, you can't just do that. Like, you're gonna have to talk to somebody about it and get it out.
Brittany Mount: In yourself is
Brittany Mount: Not getting yourself nowhere and
Brittany Mount: He's fine with me. I was there, like the foundation. I didn't want to get tossed into every year.
Richelle Direny: Because what it based on what you just said. What was the learned behavior because everything is about a learned behavior based on with the statements that she just made. What was your learned behavior.
Brittany Mount: That
Brittany Mount: You have to talk to people and
When
Brittany Mount: About
Richelle Direny: That's not what you said you said that that's what you like when you were in your active addiction, you didn't want to talk to anybody. You didn't want to share anything with anybody. What was your behavior, growing up.
Brittany Mount: Oh, to hold it in and to
Brittany Mount: Keep
Richelle Direny: Don't talk about keep to yourself. And then what happens when you keep it to yourself and you not talk about it what ended up happening.
Brittany Mount: It explodes into something that
Richelle Direny: You're dying on the inside.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you are tearing apart because it's like you need to get rid of it. You need to release it, but they're saying, nope. You gotta hold in got a whole ton
Brittany Mount: And that's just
Richelle Direny: And you know, it's funny. We just use this analogy with someone and I don't know if this was a story, but
Richelle Direny: I remember there was
A point where
Richelle Direny: When I was giving birth to one of my kids. And I remember like you they tell you, like you, because I had a I
Richelle Direny: Don't feel anything. And they said, you know,
Richelle Direny: The doctor tells you the doctors, looking at the machine tells you when to push because they've already dead in the area. So there's not a whole lot that you can feel so I remember
Richelle Direny: There was a point where he says, Don't push and I'm like, but I feel like I need to release it and he
Richelle Direny: Says no you can't. Right. Hey, I know I need to. And he was like, You sure. And I'm like, yes, I need to
Richelle Direny: And he was like, Okay. Then if you feel it, then go ahead and and I use and as you're talking, I think of the analogy that sometimes we need to release it.
Richelle Direny: Even though the people on the inside is the other people are telling it. No, you hold it to know I need to release it. Like, I'm telling you, this is what needs to happen and so
Richelle Direny: You in so as you keep pushing and as your birthing this even though, like in this state is a baby. But even though you're bursting this problem.
Richelle Direny: You know, at the end of it all. Once you birth, all of your problems. You're going to feel better, you're going to have a sense of release.
Richelle Direny: You're going to have your self back, you're going to feel normal again. You just need to birth, the issues. But while they're saying, Don't you got to hold it. You got to do what I tell you to do it, know
Richelle Direny: My body and what's going on inside of me and saying, I need to do it now. And that's what happens like you got to that point in your life where you say, I cannot continue like this, I cannot go on like this. I need to birth.
Richelle Direny: These issues, whatever is going on in the inside of me. I need to birth it
Brittany Mount: It's not just about
Not just about
Richelle Direny: You know, shoving a pill and thinking that my problem is going to go away. I have to release it.
Richelle Direny: And so that's just kind of how you know for your mom.
Brittany Mount: You or for anyone.
Richelle Direny: That you know
Brittany Mount: Just they
Richelle Direny: Have a lot of issues and they're using other mechanisms to cope with it. That's not your answer. It's a temporary fix. It's a mandate. Ah, but then you know what you got to get it down. You gotta deal with it.
Brittany Mount: And I'm great.
Richelle Direny: Deal with it. You're always going to reach for the next best fixer
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that
Richelle Direny: Doesn't work. I gotta get another one. What that band aid doesn't work. Let me go get what you know what you're running out of mandates, my friend. Yeah, need to deal with it.
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Brittany Mount: I think
So, but
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But you're on the road to recovery, maybe you can just be that
Vehicle on what we'd
Order.
Brittany Mount: Yeah hopefully something I can say, oh,
Brittany Mount: start seeing something in her head. Get on
Brittany Mount: Like
Richelle Direny: She sees the changes in you.
Richelle Direny: Huh.
Brittany Mount: What did you say sorry. My daughter is blowing up.
Brittany Mount: I got a whole
Richelle Direny: She's saying she I said she will get there when she sees that the changes in you.
Brittany Mount: Yeah yeah
Brittany Mount: And my dad made the statement. The other day that he can tell like I'm like doing a lot better. Like he can see like the significant change. And the last five years.
Brittany Mount: Or even couple years of me like where how bad I was to now it's an even like with my last three laps. Like, I still wasn't as bad. At one point, as I was, you know me, I wasn't bad is that the my diction that time as I was the time like beforehand and
Brittany Mount: Using something like to change that using like in me like I'm finally starting to grow up some
Brittany Mount: Like being more mature about things and then with the whole addiction part of it either seen a drastic change in the last few years with me so that
Made you feel. Yeah.
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Did that in Korea confidence, a little bit.
Brittany Mount: Yes, yeah.
Brittany Mount: It's like I was finally doing some
Richelle Direny: Things that definitely helps.
Brittany Mount: To make yeah
Richelle Direny: Oh alright then. Brittany, um, we will meet again in two weeks.
Richelle Direny: And
Brittany Mount: You know, I think.
Brittany Mount: Like original time
Brittany Mount: Or are we doing timeless seven
Or 629
Richelle Direny: So it would be. I think it's six o'clock, but for right now, I have a six o'clock.
Richelle Direny: I'm going to put this person for seven
Richelle Direny: We can do if you would like. We can move it just for the next time we meet, if you prefer the six o'clock slot, we can move it to Thursday at six, if we do it on the Wednesday the 12 it will be eight o'clock.
Brittany Mount: Eight o'clock five
Richelle Direny: O'clock on Wednesdays. Fine.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, that's nice. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Alright, so the
Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, my dear. So I will see you and just, I would recommend on till we meet again to like you, with your sponsor continue um
Richelle Direny: You know, working on your, your self confidence. Being able to identify what's
Richelle Direny: hindering you to be more confident in yourself.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: So did know.
Richelle Direny: Identify what is your, your
Richelle Direny: Your work. Do you know what your worth is
Brittany Mount: OK. OK.
Richelle Direny: So I know them now. But still, put it on your little reminder. I'm gonna
Brittany Mount: Let me say can help couple weeks to
Richelle Direny: Review. So I'll see you. Okay.
Okay.
Brittany Mount: My